language support documentation (#384)
etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows: login-workflow/docs/language-support.md

-   Spanish
-   Simplified Chinese

> 

Reviewer: We need some sort of introduction here that explains that the workflow dictionaries are separate/independent of the user application dictionaries.

Author: Added introduction, please check.

## Add/Override translations within our workflow

To add i18n in your application you can follow the instructions from [official website](https://react.i18next.com/getting-started).
You need to wrap your app with <I18nextProvider/> for rendering translations in the app. For reference, you can check [I18nextProvider](https://react.i18next.com/latest/i18nextprovider).

> If you want to use keys from your application dictionary in any of the workflow screens or any custom screens that you provide within the Auth or Login workflows, you need to pass your app's i18n instance to the `AuthContextProvider` via the `i18n` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use keys from your application dictionary in any of the workflow screens or any custom screens that you provide within the Auth or Registration workflows, you need to pass your app's i18n instance to the `AuthContextProvider` and/or `RegistrationContextProvider` via the `i18n` prop.
```

```tsx
import { i18n } from './i18n';

<AuthContextProvider
    ...
    i18n={i18n}
>
```

`Registration workflow` works in the same way, allowing you to pass an i18n instance via the `i18n` prop.

```tsx
import { i18nAppInstance } from './i18n';

<RegistrationContextProvider
    ...

>     i18n={i18n}

Author: @JeffGreiner-eaton , @surajeaton please check

>
```

> f you need to override any of the translations used internally in any of the components or screens, you can use the `t` function from `react-i18next` and pass the translation key.

Author: Sorry missed "I". I have added it. Please check

If you need to override any of the translations used internally in our Workflow, you can do it in a similar way as below.

```tsx
import { useTranslation } from 'react-i18next';

const { t } = useTranslation();
<ForgotPasswordScreen emailLabel={`${t('EMAIL')}`} />
```

> ## Add New language within our workflow

Reviewer 2: This could be :
Add a new language support within workflow

To add new languages other than English, French, Portuguese, Spanish, and Simplified Chinese. You need to override existing translation keys. You can check the following example.

To override any of the strings or translations used internally in the Workflow you can do it same as below.

> ```tsx

Reviewer 2: This example is unclear, we are not telling user, where exactly these changes should be done (in which file).

> To add new language with all translation keys of workflow you can do it same as below. The below example is only having a few keys to our workflow. You need to use all resource IDs to translate the complete workflow.

Reviewer 3: This might not be 100% correct but maybe some more word smithing is needed.

To add a new language using the translation keys that exists, simply create new dictionary files in AuthDictionaries and SharedDictionaries for the language needed. The example below shows how to start implementing the usage of the new language in your App and requires all resource IDs to translate the entire application workflow. Refer to the language files located in the dictionaries to build out the entire language translations.

Reviewer 3: ok wasn't sure. So steps 1 through ...5 what is all needed for end user to add German to the entire workflow?

Reviewer: They need to create their own new dictionary in the language of their choice that matches the structure of our internal dictionary (link to the structure so they can copy it). The provide the translations for every key that the workflow screens need and pass that dictionary in to their i18n instance, which in turn gets passed through the i18n prop to our workflow context providers.

Author: Mentioned here https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/pull/384/files#diff-06fa8d60640f80c68f6f43eb7e01a693293e0c02d66578196aeb1ca9cc6b317eR53

                LOADING: '최종 사용자 라이선스 계약 로드 중...',
            },
        },
    },
};

export const i18nAppInstance = i18next.createInstance(
    {
        ...
        resources: {
            ...
            kr: {
                app: {
                    ...AppDictionaries.korean.translation,
                },
                bluiAuth: {
                    ...AppDictionaries.korean.bluiAuthResources.translation,
                },
                bluiRegistration: {
                    ...AppDictionaries.korean.bluiRegistrationResources.translation,
                },
                bluiCommon: {
                    ...AppDictionaries.korean.bluiCommonResources.translation,
                },
            },
        },
    },
);
```

> For a complete list of resource IDs available, refer to the documentation for 
[Authentication Workflow](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/tree/master/login-workflow/src/new-architecture/contexts/AuthContext/AuthDictionaries/english.ts).
[Registration Workflow](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/tree/master/login-workflow/src/new-architecture/contexts/RegistrationContext/RegistrationDictionaries).

> [Common translations](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/tree/master/login-workflow/src/new-architecture/contexts/SharedDictionaries/english.ts).

Reviewer 2: Here, we are giving references of englist.ts in some places and in other places we are giving reference to dictionaries.
We should give reference to types.ts in all.
